README.md, before:

# Advent of Gleam

[Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) solutions in [Gleam](https://gleam.run/).

## Why

- Gleam is fun
- [I ran out of Gleam exercises on Exercism](https://exercism.org/profiles/mtsknn/solutions?track_slug=gleam)

## To run individual days' puzzles

1. [Install Gleam](https://gleam.run/getting-started/installing/)
2. ```sh
   gleam run -m year_2023/day_01
   ```

## To use your own puzzle inputs

Create e.g. `src/year_2023/day_01_input.txt` (ignored by Git).

Otherwise only example inputs will be used.

## Solutions

- [`year_2023/day_01.gleam`](./src/year_2023/day_01.gleam) × [adventofcode.com/2023/day/1](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/1)
- [`year_2023/day_02.gleam`](./src/year_2023/day_02.gleam) × [adventofcode.com/2023/day/2](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/2)
- [`year_2023/day_03.gleam`](./src/year_2023/day_03.gleam) × [adventofcode.com/2023/day/3](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/3)
- [`year_2023/day_04.gleam`](./src/year_2023/day_04.gleam) × [adventofcode.com/2023/day/4](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/4)
  - Part 2 was silly (i.e. fun),
    and I like how simple my `number_list_to_numbers` function turned out.

Commit message:

refactor: use unit tests instead of logging results to terminal

README.md, after:

# Advent of Gleam

[Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) solutions in [Gleam](https://gleam.run/).

## Why

- Gleam is fun
- [I ran out of Gleam exercises on Exercism](https://exercism.org/profiles/mtsknn/solutions?track_slug=gleam)

## Running locally

1. [Install Gleam](https://gleam.run/getting-started/installing/)
2. ```sh
   gleam test
   ```

### About puzzle inputs and tests

The tests use the example inputs from adventofcode.com.

To also use your own puzzle inputs,
create e.g. `src/year_2023/day_01_input.txt` (ignored by Git).
Though note that the test assertions use my personal results
(your results will be different with your own puzzle inputs).

## Solutions

- [`year_2023/day_01.gleam`](./src/year_2023/day_01.gleam) × [adventofcode.com/2023/day/1](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/1)
- [`year_2023/day_02.gleam`](./src/year_2023/day_02.gleam) × [adventofcode.com/2023/day/2](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/2)
- [`year_2023/day_03.gleam`](./src/year_2023/day_03.gleam) × [adventofcode.com/2023/day/3](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/3)
- [`year_2023/day_04.gleam`](./src/year_2023/day_04.gleam) × [adventofcode.com/2023/day/4](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/4)
  - Part 2 was silly (i.e. fun),
    and I like how simple my `number_list_to_numbers` function turned out.
